when I heard about her and me
I wanted to do this piece
First you mix the composer
uci we did not call
but I knew that she already
at that time sacrifice about it
I wanted to and in the music and liked
We understood each other immediately and
We thought we would try this as
ballet
working towards the bar
the most important thing was to decide if you wanted to
that tells biographically or whether you are in
the workroom is whether you in the pictures
dives in and we thought is danced
this definitely the right direction
with these insane pictures too
work
thus begins then get this book
you had scared then for the first time
a big fat book so much and how
behave respectfully and
dignified to such a monster
great value and that somehow
also almost feels or part of the evening
is also best works
with projections world then you can do a lot
make respectful, nonetheless
opposite the factory
death accompanies us all that that is
Actually, what's important to me is it
that demanded her statement to the end
from her factory she says, therefore, that
that death can look in the eyes
I know that I want to live and me
the threefold year
I think go so far with this theme
how charlotte goes about these topics